# connect2-multidomain

This is the project where we did a second round of data collection from the Connect pool that did the original stigma-related survey. This survey was done in Qualtrics, and included questions on multiple domains of health (sensory, cognitive, physical, mental and psychosocial), as well as measures of social participation and general- and health-specific quality of life. A majority of participants agreed to let us access their Connect clinic data, which included a full audiogram and information on hearing aid uptake.    

The Rmd file contains the code for merging Qualtrics data with Connect data, and the code for creating new variables. These new variables are the "scored" versions compiled from individual items (e.g. the WHOQOL-BREF has a specific scoring procedure for the 26 individual items, with an end result of one measure of general QoL, one measure of health-related QoL, and four domain scores).

Note that there hasn't been any "cleaning" of variables yet. The vast majority of variables do not need cleaning, because there was a closed set of responses in Qualtrics. Notable exceptions that need cleaning are any fields that allowed participants to type in their answer (e.g., year of birth), and items that allowed participants to check multiple options in a checklist (e.g. which vision aids do they use) as multiple checked items are located in the same cell, separated by commas.

In general, any cells showing as NA in the raw dataset are actual missing items that participants chose not to respond to, or were skipped by Qualtrics because they were conditional items. If a questionnaire item actually included "Not Applicable" as a response option, the answer was coded as a numeric response in Qualtrics, and then recoded to NA as needed during scoring.
